I'm back!
I caught a few more fish
Oops, just in time to eat
You said I went online to sell the meat for money
Yes yes yes
But if someone catches you in the black market
Then get it.
My girlfriend has a cold
I'll be careful.
You say
Otherwise, when will poverty end like this?
This little spy
Is there no funding for being sent here to lurk?
Why do you look like you are desperately short of money?
Don't worry, I'll be careful not to implicate you.
That's not what it means.
Your eyes and legs are broken.
Don't bring it
Tomorrow, I'll go to the county to buy you a new pair.
It doesn't matter.
actually
I'm not nearsighted.
That's your disguise
Actually, I'm curious sometimes
You can obviously hide
Why don't you just hide?
Did hide once
The second time, the third time.
Can anyone who comes to find fault with you for the umpteenth time hide?
But it made them feel comfortable once
I won't bother you anymore
But it's not the same now
If anyone bullies you again, I will beat you up
This little special
Why does it always feel different to me?
Do you believe me?
Okay, then let's eat
Since you're not going to go
What about tomorrow?
I'll go to the county and buy you a new pair of flat glasses
Play the whole set
Come and eat this fish
You put this
This little spy has an appetizing smile